Add support for RISC-V builds and GD32VF103 MCU (#12508)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/compatible_microcontrollers.md

## Atmel ATSAM

There is limited support for one of Atmel's ATSAM microcontrollers, that being the [ATSAMD51J18A](https://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/ATSAMD51J18A) used by the [Massdrop keyboards](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/keyboards/massdrop).

## RISC-V

### GigaDevice

> [ChibiOS](https://www.chibios.org) has support for the GigaDevice [GD32VF103 series](https://www.gigadevice.com/products/microcontrollers/gd32/risc-v/mainstream-line/gd32vf103-series/) microcontrollers and provides configurations for the [SiPeed Longan Nano](https://longan.sipeed.com/en/) development board that uses this microcontroller. It is largely pin and feature compatible with STM32F103 and STM32F303 microcontrollers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ChibiOS-Contrib](https://github.com/ChibiOS/ChibiOS-Contrib) has support for the GigaDevice [GD32VF103 series](https://www.gigadevice.com/products/microcontrollers/gd32/risc-v/mainstream-line/gd32vf103-series/) microcontrollers and provides configurations for the [SiPeed Longan Nano](https://longan.sipeed.com/en/) development board that uses this microcontroller. It is largely pin and feature compatible with STM32F103 and STM32F303 microcontrollers.
```
